README.md, before:

# hello-fastapi

Hello world with the resources needed to build a real REST service.

## 🤖 Development

The API can be run in _Development_ mode via the `py main.py` on _Command Prompt_.

### Tests

All tests can be Run/Debug `pytest for tests` on _Pycharm_ or `pytest` on _Command Prompt_.

To see the coverage report, run `pytest --cov --cov-report=html:cov_report & cov_report\index.html` on _Command Prompt_.

> Coverage plugin only works with PyCharm Professional

## 🔌 Services, tools and components

- [Python](https://www.python.org/): Python is a programming language that lets you work quickly and integrate systems more effectively
- [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/): FastAPI framework, high performance, easy to learn, fast to code, ready for production
- [PyCharm Community](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/): The Python IDE for data science and web development
- [Windows 11 Home Edition](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/windows-11): More is possible with Windows 11

Commit message:

Added: API Router by feature

README.md, after:

# hello-fastapi

Hello world with the resources needed to build a real REST service.

## 🧩 Features

- API Router by feature
- Coverage report
- Authentication with JWT
- Settings to static files
- Unit test example with pytest
- OpenAPI version from pyproject.toml
- Debug mode on PyCharm
- src and tests folder layout
- gitignore to JetBrains

## 🤖 Development

The API can be run in _Development_ mode via the `py main.py` on _Command Prompt_.

## 🧪 Tests

All tests can be Run/Debug `pytest for tests` on _Pycharm_ or `pytest` on _Command Prompt_.

To see the coverage report, run `pytest --cov --cov-report=html:cov_report & cov_report\index.html` on _Command Prompt_.

> Coverage plugin only works with PyCharm Professional

## 🔌 Services, tools and components

- [Python](https://www.python.org/): Python is a programming language that lets you work quickly and integrate systems more effectively
- [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/): FastAPI framework, high performance, easy to learn, fast to code, ready for production
- [PyCharm Community](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/): The Python IDE for data science and web development
- [Windows 11 Home Edition](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/windows-11): More is possible with Windows 11
